(soft music)
Okay, real nice feature that we can work with
is a embedded Mongo database,
because right now we don't have Mongo Runner,
I don't have Mongo running on my system,
and if I run it, run the application,
it's gonna blow up right away
because it's Spring Boot knows that it's looking for Mongo
but it's not finding it.
So what we can do is we can set up
a embedded Mongo database,
and to do this we need to add in a couple of properties
so if we come over to our build.gradle
and I'm cheating a little bit
because I do have this copied over to my clipboard.
So add in these two dependencies here
and I'm gonna say import the changes
and now this is gonna give us a compile dependency
on the embedded Mongo and then also the Spring component
for the embedded Mongo database,
so that will set up our embedded Mongo database
and it wasn't too long ago
that you had to manually configured a bean, a Spring bean,
but that has been migrated into more recent versions
of Spring Boot, it was in the 1.5 series,
I wanna say, I forget exactly when,
but it wasn't too long ago that Spring Boot
did add in this feature.
And the next thing we need to do is come over here
to application.properties.
And under the Mongo port say zero,
and mongodb.host,
and that zero, I believe it sets up a random port,
so obviously not port zero,
I don't think that's actually valid to use that.
Now we can say localhost for that.
Now, if I come in and run our application
we should get a different result.
I'm actually not sure because we don't have anything set up,
we don't have any entities set up,
yeah, so we're gonna get a pop here,
so yeah, our data model is not happy right now
and we are actually getting into a recursive error
and that is a problem,
we need to refactor our data model a little bit,
so it is not happy there at all,
because what's happening is we set up
those bi-directional references
and we do need to change our data model a little bit.
We're gonna get into that in the next video,
but in this video I just want you to be aware
right now we are blowing up,
but we have gone in and added a embedded Mongo database
so we are running, we're a step closer to being running,
but we're gonna take this a step at a time
I'm gonna show you step by step
of reconfiguring this application to work with MongoDB.